README.md, before:

![Plugin Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/main/readme_assets/infinite2.png)

# infinite_calendar_view

[![Build](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/workflows/Build/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/actions) [![infinite_calendar_view](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/infinite_calendar_view?label=infinite_calendar_view)](https://pub.dev/packages/infinite_calendar_view)

A Flutter package allows you to easily implement all calendar UI.

## Web Demo

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/demo-icon.png" alt="drawing" width="100"/>

https://pickywawa.github.io/infinite_calendar_view_demo/
</div>

## Features

- 💙 **Inspired by Outlook and Teams mobile**. Easy to use
- 🍻 **Three views**. Planner, Month and List views
- ♾️ **Infinite scroll**. Lazy build and best user experience
- 🚀 **Good performance**. With several dozen appointments per day
- ✏️ **All configurable**. Everything is configurable!
- 🗂️ **Events filter**. Easy filter day events
- 🗓️ **Events types**. Managing all-day events and multi-day events
- 🎲 **Customizable number of days**. Depending on the screen size
- 🤏 **Pinch to zoom**. Change the time scale with two fingers
- 👆🏼 **Drag and drop**. Move appointments easily
- 👩‍👧‍👦 **Multi columns**. Manage multiple calendars in the same view !
- 🗓️ **Events arranger**. Customize the placement of appointments in the schedule
- ♾️ **...**

## Preview

<table>
   <tr>
      <td colspan="4" style="text-align:center;">
          <div class=""><b>Calendar views</b></div>
      </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>1 day</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/one_day.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>3 days</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/three_days.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>Month</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/month.png" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>List</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/events-list.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td colspan="4">
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <div style="text-align:center;"><b>7 day (web or tablet)</b></div>
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/dark-tablet.png" alt="drawing"  />
         </div>
      </td>
   </tr>
</table>

## Installing

1. Add dependencies to `pubspec.yaml`

   Get the latest version in the 'Installing' tab
   on [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/calendar_view/install)

    ```yaml
    dependencies:
        infinite_calendar_view: <latest-version>
    ```

2. Run pub get.

   ```shell
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. Import package.

    ```dart
    import 'package:infinite_calendar_view/infinite_calendar_view.dart';
    ```

## Implementation

Make sure to check
out [examples](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/tree/main/example/lib/views)
and [API docs](https://pub.dev/documentation/infinite_calendar_view/latest/) for more details.

1. Init controller.

   ```dart
    EventsController controller = EventsController();
    ```

2. Add calendar views.

   For 1 Day Planner View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsPlanner(
          controller: controller,
          daysShowed : 1
        ),
    );
    ```

   For 3 Days Planner View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsPlanner(
          controller: controller,
          daysShowed : 3
        ),
    );
    ```

   For List View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsList(
          controller: controller,
        ),
    );
    ```

3. Use `controller` to add or remove events when you want.

   To Add event:

    ```dart
    final event = Event(
       startTime: DateTime(2024, 8, 10, 8, 0),
       endTime: DateTime(2024, 8, 10, 9, 0),
       title: "Event1"
    );

    controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
      calendarData.addEvents([event]);
    });
    ```

   To Add full day event:

    ```dart
    final fullDayEvent = FullDayEvent(
       title: "Full Day Event1"
    );

    controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
      calendarData.addFullDayEvents(DateTime(2024, 8, 10), [event]);
    });
   ```

   As soon as you add or remove events from the controller, it will automatically update the
   calendar
   view assigned to that controller.

4. Use `GlobalKey` to jump to a specific date.
   ```dart
    GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState> key = GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState>();
   ```
   Add key in EventsPlanner or EventsList
   ```dart
    EventsPlanner(
      key : key
      ...
    )
   ```
   Jump to date
   ```dart
    key.currentState?.jumpToDate(DateTime(2024, 8, 10))
   ```

## More on the infinite calendar view

1. For Pinch To Zoom
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      pinchToZoomParam: PinchToZoomParameters(
         pinchToZoom: true,
         onZoomChange: (heightPerMinute) {},
         pinchToZoomMinHeightPerMinute: 0.5,
         pinchToZoomMaxHeightPerMinute: 2.5,
         pinchToZoomSpeed: 1,
      ),
   );
   ```

2. For Draggable Event
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      dayParam: DayParam(
        dayEventBuilder: (event, height, width, heightPerMinute) {
          return DraggableEventWidget(
            event: event,
            height: height,
            width: width,
            heightPerMinute: heightPerMinute,
            onDragEnd: (exactStartDateTime, exactEndDateTime, roundStartDateTime, roundEndDateTime) {
              moveEvent(event, roundStartDateTime, roundEndDateTime);
            },
            child: DefaultDayEvent(
              height: height,
              width: width,
              title: event.title,
              description: event.description,
            ),
          );
        },
      ),
   );
   ```
   ```dart
   void moveEvent(Event oldEvent, DateTime roundStartDateTime, DateTime roundEndDateTime) {
     controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
       calendarData.updateEvent(
         oldEvent: oldEvent,
         newEvent: oldEvent.copyWith(
           startTime: roundStartDateTime,
           endTime: roundEndDateTime,
         ),
       );
     });
   }
   ```

3. Manage multiple calendars in the same view with multiple columns

   Set columnIndex in Event
   ```dart
   Event(
      columnIndex: 2,
      ...
    )
   ```

   Set columns number, labels, colors and ratio (optional)
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      columnsParam: ColumnsParam(
        columns: 4,
        columnsLabels: ["Tennis", "Foot", "Bad"],
        columnsWidthRatio: [1 / 3, 1 / 3, 1 / 3],
        columnsColors: [
          Colors.yellow.pastel,
          Colors.green.pastel,
          Colors.blueAccent.pastel,
        ],
      ),
   );
   ```

   <table>
      <tr>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns1.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns2.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
      </tr>
   </table>

## All parameters

1. Events planner all parameters
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      key: GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState>(),
      controller: controller,
      daysShowed: 3,
      initialDate: DateTime.now(),
      maxNextDays: 365,
      maxPreviousDays: 365,
      heightPerMinute: 1.0,
      initialVerticalScrollOffset: 1.0 * 7 * 60,
      daySeparationWidth: 3,
      onDayChange: (firstDay) {},
      onVerticalScrollChange: (offset) {},
      automaticAdjustHorizontalScrollToDay: true,
      onAutomaticAdjustHorizontalScroll: (day) {},
      horizontalScrollPhysics: const BouncingScrollPhysics(
        decelerationRate: ScrollDecelerationRate.fast,
      ),
      dayEventsArranger: SideEventArranger(paddingLeft: 0, paddingRight: 0),
      daysHeaderParam: DaysHeaderParam(
        daysHeaderVisibility: true,
        daysHeaderHeight: 40.0,
        daysHeaderColor: Theme.of(context).appBarTheme.backgroundColor,
        dayHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday) {
          return DefaultDayHeader(
            dayText: DateFormat("E d").format(day),
            isToday: isToday,
            foregroundColor: Colors.white,
          );
        },
      ),
      offTimesParam: OffTimesParam(
        offTimesAllDaysRanges: [
          OffTimeRange(
            TimeOfDay(hour: 0, minute: 0),
            TimeOfDay(hour: 7, minute: 0),
          ),
          OffTimeRange(
            TimeOfDay(hour: 18, minute: 0),
            TimeOfDay(hour: 24, minute: 0),
          )
        ],
        offTimesDayRanges: {
          DateTime(2024, 10, 8): [
            OffTimeRange(
              TimeOfDay(hour: 8, minute: 0),
              TimeOfDay(hour: 18, minute: 0),
            ),
          ],
        },
        offTimesColor: Color(0xFFF4F4F4),
        offTimesAllDaysPainter: (isToday, heightPerMinute, ranges, color) =>
            OffSetAllDaysPainter(
                isToday, heightPerMinute, [], Color(0xFFF4F4F4)),
        offTimesDayPainter: (isToday, heightPerMinute, ranges, color) =>
            OffSetAllDaysPainter(
                isToday, heightPerMinute, [], Color(0xFFF4F4F4)),
      ),
      dayParam: DayParam(
        todayColor: Colors.black12,
        dayTopPadding: 10,
        dayBottomPadding: 15,
        onSlotMinutesRound: 15,
        onSlotTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onSlotLongTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onSlotDoubleTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onDayBuild: (day) {},
        dayEventBuilder: (event, height, width, heightPerMinute) {
          return DefaultDayEvent(
            height: height,
            width: width,
            title: event.title,
            description: event.description,
          );
        },
        dayCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute, isToday) => LinesPainter(
          heightPerMinute: heightPerMinute,
          isToday: isToday,
          lineColor: Colors.black12,
        ),
      ),
      fullDayParam: FullDayParam(
        fullDayEventsBarVisibility: true,
        fullDayEventsBarLeftText: 'All day',
        fullDayEventsBarLeftWidget: Text('All day'),
        fullDayEventsBarHeight: 40,
        fullDayEventsBarDecoration: const BoxDecoration(
            border: Border(bottom: BorderSide(color: Colors.black12))),
      ),
      timesIndicatorsParam: TimesIndicatorsParam(
        timesIndicatorsWidth: 60.0,
        timesIndicatorsHorizontalPadding: 4.0,
        timesIndicatorsCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute) => HoursPainter(
          heightPerMinute: 1.0,
          showCurrentHour: true,
          hourColor: Colors.black12,
          halfHourColor: Colors.black12,
          quarterHourColor: Colors.black12,
          currentHourIndicatorColor: Colors.black12,
          halfHourMinHeightPerMinute: 1.3,
          quarterHourMinHeightPerMinute: 2,
        ),
      ),
      currentHourIndicatorParam: CurrentHourIndicatorParam(
        currentHourIndicatorHourVisibility: true,
        currentHourIndicatorLineVisibility: true,
        currentHourIndicatorColor: Colors.blue,
        currentHourIndicatorCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute, isToday) =>
            TimeIndicatorPainter(heightPerMinute, isToday, Colors.blue),
      ),
      pinchToZoomParam: PinchToZoomParameters(
        pinchToZoom: true,
        onZoomChange: (heightPerMinute) {},
        pinchToZoomMinHeightPerMinute: 0.5,
        pinchToZoomMaxHeightPerMinute: 2.5,
        pinchToZoomSpeed: 1,
      ),
      columnsParam: ColumnsParam(
        columns: 2,
        columnsLabels: ["Tennis", "Foot"],
        columnsColors: [Colors.blue, Colors.red],
        columnsForegroundColors: [Colors.white, Colors.white],
        columnsWidthRatio: [1 / 2, 1 / 2],
        columnHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday, columIndex, columnWidth) {
          return DefaultColumnHeader(
            backgroundColor: Colors.transparent,
            foregroundColor: Colors.white,
            columnText: ["Tennis", "Foot"].elementAt(columIndex),
            columnWidth: columnWidth,
          );
        },
        columnCustomPainter : (double width, int colum) => ColumnPainter(
           width: width,
           columnsParam: columnsParam,
           lineColor: Colors.gray,
        ),
      ),
   );
   ```

2. Events List all parameters
   ```dart
   EventsList(
      controller: controller,
      initialDate: DateTime.now(),
      maxPreviousDays: 365,
      maxNextDays: 365,
      onDayChange: (day) {},
      todayHeaderColor: const Color(0xFFf4f9fd),
      verticalScrollPhysics: const BouncingScrollPhysics(
        decelerationRate: ScrollDecelerationRate.fast,
      ),
      dayEventsBuilder: (day, events) {
        return DefaultDayEvents(
          events: events,
          eventBuilder: (event) => DefaultDetailEvent(event: event),
          nullEventsWidget: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEmptyEventsWidget,
          eventSeparator: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEventSeparator,
          emptyEventsWidget: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEmptyEventsWidget,
        );
      },
      dayHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday) => DefaultHeader(
        dayText: DateFormat.MMMMEEEEd().format(day).toUpperCase(),
      ),
   );
   ```

## Local

The package does not support locales itself, so as not to import additional dependencies like intl
which may cause dependency conflicts.

However, all texts are easily customizable. You can use intl to translate the texts into the desired
language.
[Local example](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/blob/f0234f435ad3e133c190f5006ac283a22edb2c80/example/lib/views/events_planner_all_params_view.dart#L39C22-L39C32)

## Showcase

   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase1.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase2.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

## License

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Pickywawa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

```

Commit message:

## 2.6.0
- [new] add zoom with ctrl/cmd + mouse
  wheel https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/issues/17
- [readme] add description + add showcase

README.md, after:

![Plugin Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/main/readme_assets/infinite2.png)

# infinite_calendar_view

[![Build](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/workflows/Build/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/actions) [![infinite_calendar_view](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/infinite_calendar_view?label=infinite_calendar_view)](https://pub.dev/packages/infinite_calendar_view)

A Flutter package allows you to easily implement all calendar UI.

## Web Demo

<div style="text-align: center;">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/demo-icon.png" alt="drawing" width="100"/>

https://pickywawa.github.io/infinite_calendar_view_demo/
</div>

## Features

- 💙 **Inspired by Outlook and Teams mobile**. Easy to use
- 🍻 **Three views**. Planner, Month and List views
- ♾️ **Infinite scroll**. Lazy build and best user experience
- 🚀 **Good performance**. With several dozen appointments per day
- ✏️ **All configurable**. Everything is configurable!
- 🗂️ **Events filter**. Easy filter day events
- 🗓️ **Events types**. Managing all-day events and multi-day events. Possibility of having several
  types of events with different placement
  algorithms
- 🎲 **Customizable number of days**. Depending on the screen size
- 🤏 **Pinch to zoom**. Change the time scale with two fingers or ctrl/cmd + mouse wheel
- 👆🏼 **Drag and drop**. Move appointments easily
- 👩‍👧‍👦 **Multi columns**. Manage multiple calendars in the same view !
- 🗓️ **Events arranger**. Customize the placement of appointments (for each event type) in the
  schedule
- ♾️ **many other features**
- 🇫🇷 **Made by Pickywawa with ❤️**

## Preview

<table>
   <tr>
      <td colspan="4" style="text-align:center;">
          <div class=""><b>Calendar views</b></div>
      </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>1 day</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/one_day.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>3 days</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/three_days.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>Month</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/month.png" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
      <td>
         <div style="text-align:center;"><b>List</b></div>
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/events-list.gif" alt="drawing" width="200"/>
         </div>
      </td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td colspan="4">
         <div style="text-align:center;">
            <div style="text-align:center;"><b>7 day (web or tablet)</b></div>
            <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/dark-tablet.png" alt="drawing"  />
         </div>
      </td>
   </tr>
</table>

## Installing

1. Add dependencies to `pubspec.yaml`

   Get the latest version in the 'Installing' tab
   on [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/calendar_view/install)

    ```yaml
    dependencies:
        infinite_calendar_view: <latest-version>
    ```

2. Run pub get.

   ```shell
   flutter pub get
   ```

3. Import package.

    ```dart
    import 'package:infinite_calendar_view/infinite_calendar_view.dart';
    ```

## Implementation

Make sure to check
out [examples](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/tree/main/example/lib/views)
and [API docs](https://pub.dev/documentation/infinite_calendar_view/latest/) for more details.

1. Init controller.

   ```dart
    EventsController controller = EventsController();
    ```

2. Add calendar views.

   For 1 Day Planner View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsPlanner(
          controller: controller,
          daysShowed : 1
        ),
    );
    ```

   For 3 Days Planner View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsPlanner(
          controller: controller,
          daysShowed : 3
        ),
    );
    ```

   For List View

    ```dart
    Scaffold(
        body: EventsList(
          controller: controller,
        ),
    );
    ```

3. Use `controller` to add or remove events when you want.

   To Add event:

    ```dart
    final event = Event(
       startTime: DateTime(2024, 8, 10, 8, 0),
       endTime: DateTime(2024, 8, 10, 9, 0),
       title: "Event1"
    );

    controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
      calendarData.addEvents([event]);
    });
    ```

   To Add full day event:

    ```dart
    final fullDayEvent = FullDayEvent(
       title: "Full Day Event1"
    );

    controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
      calendarData.addFullDayEvents(DateTime(2024, 8, 10), [event]);
    });
   ```

   As soon as you add or remove events from the controller, it will automatically update the
   calendar
   view assigned to that controller.

4. Use `GlobalKey` to jump to a specific date.
   ```dart
    GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState> key = GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState>();
   ```
   Add key in EventsPlanner or EventsList
   ```dart
    EventsPlanner(
      key : key
      ...
    )
   ```
   Jump to date
   ```dart
    key.currentState?.jumpToDate(DateTime(2024, 8, 10))
   ```

## More on the infinite calendar view

1. For Pinch To Zoom
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      pinchToZoomParam: PinchToZoomParameters(
         pinchToZoom: true,
         onZoomChange: (heightPerMinute) {},
         pinchToZoomMinHeightPerMinute: 0.5,
         pinchToZoomMaxHeightPerMinute: 2.5,
         pinchToZoomSpeed: 1,
      ),
   );
   ```

2. For Draggable Event
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      dayParam: DayParam(
        dayEventBuilder: (event, height, width, heightPerMinute) {
          return DraggableEventWidget(
            event: event,
            height: height,
            width: width,
            heightPerMinute: heightPerMinute,
            onDragEnd: (exactStartDateTime, exactEndDateTime, roundStartDateTime, roundEndDateTime) {
              moveEvent(event, roundStartDateTime, roundEndDateTime);
            },
            child: DefaultDayEvent(
              height: height,
              width: width,
              title: event.title,
              description: event.description,
            ),
          );
        },
      ),
   );
   ```
   ```dart
   void moveEvent(Event oldEvent, DateTime roundStartDateTime, DateTime roundEndDateTime) {
     controller.updateCalendarData((calendarData) {
       calendarData.updateEvent(
         oldEvent: oldEvent,
         newEvent: oldEvent.copyWith(
           startTime: roundStartDateTime,
           endTime: roundEndDateTime,
         ),
       );
     });
   }
   ```

3. Manage multiple calendars in the same view with multiple columns

   Set columnIndex in Event
   ```dart
   Event(
      columnIndex: 2,
      ...
    )
   ```

   Set columns number, labels, colors and ratio (optional)
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      controller: controller,
      columnsParam: ColumnsParam(
        columns: 4,
        columnsLabels: ["Tennis", "Foot", "Bad"],
        columnsWidthRatio: [1 / 3, 1 / 3, 1 / 3],
        columnsColors: [
          Colors.yellow.pastel,
          Colors.green.pastel,
          Colors.blueAccent.pastel,
        ],
      ),
   );
   ```

   <table>
      <tr>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns1.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
         <td>
             <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/columns2.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
         </td>
      </tr>
   </table>

## All parameters

1. Events planner all parameters
   ```dart
   EventsPlanner(
      key: GlobalKey<EventsPlannerState>(),
      controller: controller,
      daysShowed: 3,
      initialDate: DateTime.now(),
      maxNextDays: 365,
      maxPreviousDays: 365,
      heightPerMinute: 1.0,
      initialVerticalScrollOffset: 1.0 * 7 * 60,
      daySeparationWidth: 3,
      onDayChange: (firstDay) {},
      onVerticalScrollChange: (offset) {},
      automaticAdjustHorizontalScrollToDay: true,
      onAutomaticAdjustHorizontalScroll: (day) {},
      horizontalScrollPhysics: const BouncingScrollPhysics(
        decelerationRate: ScrollDecelerationRate.fast,
      ),
      dayEventsArranger: SideEventArranger(paddingLeft: 0, paddingRight: 0),
      daysHeaderParam: DaysHeaderParam(
        daysHeaderVisibility: true,
        daysHeaderHeight: 40.0,
        daysHeaderColor: Theme.of(context).appBarTheme.backgroundColor,
        dayHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday) {
          return DefaultDayHeader(
            dayText: DateFormat("E d").format(day),
            isToday: isToday,
            foregroundColor: Colors.white,
          );
        },
      ),
      offTimesParam: OffTimesParam(
        offTimesAllDaysRanges: [
          OffTimeRange(
            TimeOfDay(hour: 0, minute: 0),
            TimeOfDay(hour: 7, minute: 0),
          ),
          OffTimeRange(
            TimeOfDay(hour: 18, minute: 0),
            TimeOfDay(hour: 24, minute: 0),
          )
        ],
        offTimesDayRanges: {
          DateTime(2024, 10, 8): [
            OffTimeRange(
              TimeOfDay(hour: 8, minute: 0),
              TimeOfDay(hour: 18, minute: 0),
            ),
          ],
        },
        offTimesColor: Color(0xFFF4F4F4),
        offTimesAllDaysPainter: (isToday, heightPerMinute, ranges, color) =>
            OffSetAllDaysPainter(
                isToday, heightPerMinute, [], Color(0xFFF4F4F4)),
        offTimesDayPainter: (isToday, heightPerMinute, ranges, color) =>
            OffSetAllDaysPainter(
                isToday, heightPerMinute, [], Color(0xFFF4F4F4)),
      ),
      dayParam: DayParam(
        todayColor: Colors.black12,
        dayTopPadding: 10,
        dayBottomPadding: 15,
        onSlotMinutesRound: 15,
        onSlotTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onSlotLongTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onSlotDoubleTap: (columnIndex, exactDateTime, roundDateTime) {},
        onDayBuild: (day) {},
        dayEventBuilder: (event, height, width, heightPerMinute) {
          return DefaultDayEvent(
            height: height,
            width: width,
            title: event.title,
            description: event.description,
          );
        },
        dayCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute, isToday) => LinesPainter(
          heightPerMinute: heightPerMinute,
          isToday: isToday,
          lineColor: Colors.black12,
        ),
      ),
      fullDayParam: FullDayParam(
        fullDayEventsBarVisibility: true,
        fullDayEventsBarLeftText: 'All day',
        fullDayEventsBarLeftWidget: Text('All day'),
        fullDayEventsBarHeight: 40,
        fullDayEventsBarDecoration: const BoxDecoration(
            border: Border(bottom: BorderSide(color: Colors.black12))),
      ),
      timesIndicatorsParam: TimesIndicatorsParam(
        timesIndicatorsWidth: 60.0,
        timesIndicatorsHorizontalPadding: 4.0,
        timesIndicatorsCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute) => HoursPainter(
          heightPerMinute: 1.0,
          showCurrentHour: true,
          hourColor: Colors.black12,
          halfHourColor: Colors.black12,
          quarterHourColor: Colors.black12,
          currentHourIndicatorColor: Colors.black12,
          halfHourMinHeightPerMinute: 1.3,
          quarterHourMinHeightPerMinute: 2,
        ),
      ),
      currentHourIndicatorParam: CurrentHourIndicatorParam(
        currentHourIndicatorHourVisibility: true,
        currentHourIndicatorLineVisibility: true,
        currentHourIndicatorColor: Colors.blue,
        currentHourIndicatorCustomPainter: (heightPerMinute, isToday) =>
            TimeIndicatorPainter(heightPerMinute, isToday, Colors.blue),
      ),
      pinchToZoomParam: PinchToZoomParameters(
        pinchToZoom: true,
        onZoomChange: (heightPerMinute) {},
        pinchToZoomMinHeightPerMinute: 0.5,
        pinchToZoomMaxHeightPerMinute: 2.5,
        pinchToZoomSpeed: 1,
      ),
      columnsParam: ColumnsParam(
        columns: 2,
        columnsLabels: ["Tennis", "Foot"],
        columnsColors: [Colors.blue, Colors.red],
        columnsForegroundColors: [Colors.white, Colors.white],
        columnsWidthRatio: [1 / 2, 1 / 2],
        columnHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday, columIndex, columnWidth) {
          return DefaultColumnHeader(
            backgroundColor: Colors.transparent,
            foregroundColor: Colors.white,
            columnText: ["Tennis", "Foot"].elementAt(columIndex),
            columnWidth: columnWidth,
          );
        },
        columnCustomPainter : (double width, int colum) => ColumnPainter(
           width: width,
           columnsParam: columnsParam,
           lineColor: Colors.gray,
        ),
      ),
   );
   ```

2. Events List all parameters
   ```dart
   EventsList(
      controller: controller,
      initialDate: DateTime.now(),
      maxPreviousDays: 365,
      maxNextDays: 365,
      onDayChange: (day) {},
      todayHeaderColor: const Color(0xFFf4f9fd),
      verticalScrollPhysics: const BouncingScrollPhysics(
        decelerationRate: ScrollDecelerationRate.fast,
      ),
      dayEventsBuilder: (day, events) {
        return DefaultDayEvents(
          events: events,
          eventBuilder: (event) => DefaultDetailEvent(event: event),
          nullEventsWidget: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEmptyEventsWidget,
          eventSeparator: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEventSeparator,
          emptyEventsWidget: DefaultDayEvents.defaultEmptyEventsWidget,
        );
      },
      dayHeaderBuilder: (day, isToday) => DefaultHeader(
        dayText: DateFormat.MMMMEEEEd().format(day).toUpperCase(),
      ),
   );
   ```

## Local

The package does not support locales itself, so as not to import additional dependencies like intl
which may cause dependency conflicts.

However, all texts are easily customizable. You can use intl to translate the texts into the desired
language.
[Local example](https://github.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/blob/f0234f435ad3e133c190f5006ac283a22edb2c80/example/lib/views/events_planner_all_params_view.dart#L39C22-L39C32)

## Showcase

multi-columns :

   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase3.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

classical :

   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase1.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>
   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase2.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

Different type (unavailable and time slot on the left)

   <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pickywawa/infinite_calendar_view/master/readme_assets/showcase4.png" alt="drawing" width="300"/>

## License

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Pickywawa

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

```
